In which book's first sentence do you learn a character is sitting in the principal's office? 1}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a principal suggest that a student talk to a counselor about his/her anger issues? 4}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a school have a zero-tolerance policy? 4}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character compare his/her brother to James Bond? 5}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did a character win a laptop? 8}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book was there a boat on the roof? 19}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character have the nickname Chicken Little? 23}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a neighbor who doesn't have anything better to do than to worry about what everybody else is doing? 26}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which is there a penalty of bottemless pit for paperwork if you do not have the proper permissions? 27}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book could a consequence include being locked inside a metal canister and shot into space? 27}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character have to hit an elevator button 26 times in order to get further instructions? 29}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character goes to an interview?34}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a character who continues to get her tigers taken away? 38}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did the protagonist accept a job offer? 40}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book are secrets kept in order to keep peace of mind? 42}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is the Great Bug Conflict of '69 mentioned? 42}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
A character has a personal copy of One Thousand and One Careers, Protected Edition in which book? 48}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
A neighbor woman is compared to looking like the Wicked Witch of the West in which book? 49}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
The Vanderbilt Hotel is the fanciest place a main character has ever been in which book? 58}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character feel like a "speck of dust on a beautiful painting"? 58}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character have a conversation with an elevator? 62}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does someone talk to an elevator? 62}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character invent the sneakandle? 66}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book can the protagonist's friend see feelings as an aura? 72}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
There is an elevator named Whispers in which book? 100}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book do kids believe they are being chased by a giant, evil teddy bear named Bubbles, Destroyer of Worlds? 104}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does the protagonist write one thing she wants to do as a job when she was supposed to write five? 107}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is the water on a dress so real that your hand might get wet touching it? 110}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
Winter Wonderland is the theme of a dance in which book? 111}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book do kids argue if London or Rome would make for a better vacation? 115}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book are there two categories of camp participants: merit and legacy? 116}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is someone nicknamed "The Red Lady'? 131}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does the protagonist go to Junior Agent tryouts? 133}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did the protagonist score a 4 out of 100 on their test? 145}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is a character titled Confidential Meeting in Progress? 147}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a lord of elevators? 150}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book was there a long hallway with giant glass walls? 159}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did a character go into a blackstone prison? 163}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does the protagonist meet with a magician? 164}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book do characters wear LaBoom brand, polished wood boots? 171}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a thing called "Sky Sprints"? 172}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a room change based on current scientific breakthroughs? 184}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did an elevator squeal, "Magician on the loose!"? 193}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a technologist? 197}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
A character chooses a dagger as a weapon in which book? 217}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character's sibling have a perfect attendance certificate hanging on their bedroom wall? 232}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is someone named January? 272}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
Becca Alford shakes the hand of two characters in which book? 299}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a character know the answer to a secret is on page 290 of a textbook titled Ins and Outs? 309}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book do characters enter a tent called Sweet Dreams? 337}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a " Bureau of Supernatural Affairs"? 41}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a stone badge? 44-45}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does a man write the words starter kit? 46}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book does someone shove somebody out of their office? 46}Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book is there a hotel named " Vandeerbilt Hotel"? 58 }Amari and the Night Brothers by B.B. Alston
In which book did sparks flying out of a fire mean an unwelcomed visitor would show? 3}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a sneeze mean someone was talking bad about you? 3}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character name a donkey? 12}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was a character's parent forced to join the war? 12-13}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book are people superstitious? 3-4}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character climb a mesquite tree? 9}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a grandma say girls have no business wearing pants? 10}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character think a dress looks like winter because of how spoiled it is? 10}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a charecter's mother die after childbirth? 11}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a charecter sell wood to earn money? 11-12}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is it a rule to not name the animals? 12}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
There is always room for one more promise in which book? 13}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book do festivals make people friendlier? 15}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character points out that three women always smell like roses in which book? 15}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a character's dream to learn to read? 16}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was flour considered a luxury for the well-to-do? 17}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someones voice ring with fear? 20-21}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book were The Federales considered monsters? 22}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does someone exclaim they were monsters? 24}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a character's sarape neatly folded and left on top of the character's bed? 25}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character use the butt of a rifle to destroy items in a home? 27}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book are trails of sweat compared to tiny lizards scrambling for shade? 38}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character have a habit of saying they have a headache when they are sad or nervous? 41}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character come across three piles of stones marked with wooden crosses? 42}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character doesn't know if their head is spinning due to heat or due to fear of being found in which book? 43}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character eat prickly pears? 45}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character say she doesn't want to grow any thorns? 47}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character give the advice of always be grateful for what you have? 47}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character stare at the pink-purple sky? 51}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character is awoken by a crowing rooster in which book? 51}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character finds a wounded coyote in which book? 53}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character step out from behind a cactus? 53}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a coyote shrink back behind a plant? 53}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character swear animals could feel human emotions? 53}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character say Eh-ta Eh-ta? 54}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character not know how to act in church? 55}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character not know how to attend mass? 55}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character wonder what happend to the pews in a church? 56}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character feel the smooth stone floor cold against the character's feet? 56}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a young priest whisper? 57}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character think the roads in America are made of gold? 208}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book are there large brick houses with too many windows to count? 208}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character kiss a priest's hand? 57}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does someone say, "Who cares who's to blame?" 64}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a character born in one country but her parents are citizens of another? 68}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a character meeting their dad in Texas? 68}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character reference her name being similar to U.S. president Woodrow Wilson's? 69 }Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character's dad work at a silver mine? 69}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character say talking makes you thirsty? 89}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character get mad at a sign? 105-106}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character close her eyes half-heartedly? 106}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character wonder why the wind didn't tell the location of a train station? 108}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character shift to her knees? 108}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book has a character never caught a butterfly? 109}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character rub the protaganist's back? 109}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does the protaganist wonder how to find balance? 110}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is it a ritual to get swept with a raw egg to absorb negative energies? 111}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character say to follow the creek bed? 113}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character smells a rock in which book? 113}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character's head throb with pain? 114}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a rock smell like rain? 115}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character's hot skin make the protaganists skin sink under her stomach? 116}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character believes a child needs a spiritual healer, but not a doctor, in which book? 117}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is there no time to argue? 117}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character change their name to Mario for a while? 141}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a female disguise herself as a man? 141}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did loose dirt rattle at a character's feet? 161}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book had it been half an hour since their last stop? 166}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character take a breath? 166}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was the main character born during a full moon? 167}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character say, "one day"? 167}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character pray for another character's safety? 168}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character picture their parents together? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was a character shocked? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character caress another character's head? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character wish for a better life? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a characters body tremble? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character exclaim, "I've lost you father"? 169}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character not believe a full moon? 170}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character doze off? 170}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character always wait to be served? 170}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character stand on a ladder? 171}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a violent shock jolt a character's body? 173}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character feel like an eagle - free and in control of their own destiny? 173}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was a character a part of something bigger? 174}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did the fluttering grow? 174}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character wait to set up? 175}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book  does a tree save a character's life? 175}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character lay down and shut their eyes? 175}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character take sips of water? 176}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a characters world spin less? 176}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a character lucky they fell on a patch of grass? 176}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character not remember much of anything? 176}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character claim they need to find Marietta? 177}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character feel a shooting pain? 178}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character walk past a woman's hand? 178}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character exclaim, "How's Chencha"? 178}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did a character point to a bigger pile of rubber? 180}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did one sudden howl break them all? 181}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does a character shake like a leaf? 181}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A tourniquet is used on the leg of a character in which book? 185}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character is admired for their integrity and compassion in which book? 187}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character counts at least eight chimneys on a building in which book? 208}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
A character believes the streets are made of gold and diamonds in the United States in which book? 208}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does tracing writing give a character the same satisfaction of eating a full meal? 236}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book is a man known as "the bald man with snake eyes"? 237}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
An old man is offered an apple as thanks for playing the fiddle in which book? 242}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someone not know how to act in church? 55}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someone love a kind of bread that wasn't made with flour? 59}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book does someone think someone else was given the evil eye? 117}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someone think a town was a lot like their home town? 118}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someone not want to beg? 122}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book had someone never seen a train up close? 129}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book did someone not see or hear a vehicle of transportation? 97}Barefoot Dreams of Petra Luna by Alda P. Dobbs
In which book was the ship secretly on fire? 23}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did the crew panic and ditch the ship before any of the passengers? 27}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did an old lady need help down the stairs 39}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did the main protagonist wish to be a journalist? 42}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did the protagonist hit his/her head on the handle of a partially hidden door? 45}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did the mom say that the third-class passengers were treated more like cattle than people? 51}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a Greek family sit on the left of the protagonist? 52}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character think that she has a different journey than all the other people? 38}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character say, "My mom says the only useless creatures are mosquitos"? 40}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is there a characer named Mrs. Abelman? 41}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is a character caught not being on the passengers list? 46}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is a character scared that they will get a terrible punishment? 46}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character plan on publishing a newspaper? 47}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character give a room to another character? 50}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character think that the room she got felt like a room in a palace? 51}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is there another ship named the Olympic that has the similiar design as the Titanic? 53}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is there a double hull on the bottom of the ship but not on the sides? 64}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a boy hand a character a ribbon? 71}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character get invited to a fancy dinner? 66-67}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did people laugh when a character says she was to be a journalist? 94}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book are there twenty life boats? 98}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character decide to explore the deck while they still had the chance? 97}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book do women and children go first if there is an emergency? 99}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character think they might be able to make enough money to bring their family to America? 100}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a Dad die by saving others instead of himself? 92}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character say, "Grief is like the flu"?}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character lose her daughter in a factory fire? 92}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book was a character invited to get tea? 107}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is a character's notebook filling with questions? 111}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character's husband die about 15 years ago? 116}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a character invite another to have dinner to catch up? 116}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did someone wait in the library to give a character answers to the character's biggest questions? 103}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book are characters sitting down and playing games and writing letters? 103}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book are people worried about there not being enough lifeboats for everyone? 104-105}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
Which book is dedicated to a distant cousin? dedication page}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
A legend from hundreds of years ago describes King Conute in which book? 3}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did a kind command the incoming tide to stop? 3}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
Something is described as being as powerful as mythological Titans in which book? 4}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does the protagonist have four younger brothers? 6}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character think there is a whole continent of ostriches wondering what happened to their feathers? 13}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does lice dictate where people can and can't go? 26}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
Officer Kent is a character in which book? 25-26}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book are gates protection from the poor? 26}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a 1898 newspaper cost one cent? 30}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character learn that doing is more important than wishing? 44}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does one character think another character worries too much? 65}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does one character think another character doesn't worry enough? 66}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does one character note that both poor and wealthy "pass wind" just like each other? 67}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character know which breed of cow produces the best milk? 73}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character know how to coax a chicken into producing more eggs? 73}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
A woman stares at the protagonist as if they were diseased in which book? 75}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character not like oysters? 80}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character say "She is not my young lady."?87}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does the protagonist describe herself as the court jester?89}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character think oysters taste like swallowing slime? 81}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character describe grief as being like the flu? 92}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book is there a cane with a carved eagle head a top it? 94}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character wonder if the protagonist asked a man of higher stature if his undergarments fit properly? 95}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
A character believes they hear the sound of cards being shuffled nearby in which book? 101}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character tell the story of the Titans? 174}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character cheat when playing cards? 176-179}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character believe that if more adults spoke with enthusiam, like that of a child, there would not be so many broken dreams and crushed souls? 180}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does the protagonist worry about not having a future at all? 292}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character say, "There are times in life when we each must live for something greater than ourselves"? 297}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book does a character realize that their father had been a hero by choosing to save the lives of others instead of his own"? 297 }Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
In which book did the main character wear an old coat that belonged to their father? 8}Iceberg by Jennifer A Nielsen
The main character's earliest memory is of waiting for hours in the freezing cold in which book? 1}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
The main character's sister enjoys figure skating in which book? 1}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the main character and his/her family move into a colonial style house? 2}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the main character like rational, scientific explanations for things? 2}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the main character want to become either an archeologist or a historian someday? 3}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did the door open by itself? 3}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
The main character moves from the town of Pittsfield to the town of Lost Lake in which book? 3}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
Ladybug is the nickname for the main character in which book? 5}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is a character upset about pizza being cut into squares instead of triangles? 8}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did four friends learn hieroglyphics? 9}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone call medallions "stupid little pieces of metal"? 12}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
Old Hog Bristle Road is a street in which book? 14}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
Chrisholm Memorial Library is in which book? 18}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the main character compare the board game Clue to the library? 20}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which  book does a boy's voice make the main character whip around? 20}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
A plaque that reads, "Our stories are what bind us together" is found in which book? 21}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does an old lady donate her house? 21}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was there a book that didn't have any writing on its spine? 22}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the protagonist find a book bound in dark green leather? 22}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone have a shaggy terrier? 26}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a young girl have a pocket knife? 28}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was somebody threatend that their dog would be given away if they didn't behave? 30}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character hear a creak in a floor board? 33}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the protagonist's sister cut her own hair? 31}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book do two characters play hide-and-seek behind gravestones and climb the roof of a mausoleum? 39}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character consider stealing a library book? 50}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character inquire about getting a library card? 52}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does the main character read a book that has no author? 50}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character's mom have a collection of weird accessories including furry socks, fuzzy animal necklaces, headbands with glittery cat ears or unicorn horns, and a necklace with glow in the dark plastic aliens? 53}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book do siblings argue about stupider being a word or not? 55}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is a character excited to get a library card? 73}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did the librarian hide the book called the lost one? 89}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character throw a gardening spade into the trees? 98}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character equip themselves with a water bottle, a flashlight, and a piece of sidewalk chalk? 124}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character hide their bicycle in a patch of ferns? 125}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a main character chase a dog? 130-131}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character have an octopus nightlight? 216}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone practilaly live at a carnival? 34}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character dash across a dark meadow? 38}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone fold their empty popcorn bag into a tight square? 37}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character abandon another character? 38}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did two characters pay hide and seek in a cemetery? 39}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone see something move at the edge of a cemetary? 40}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was something called the Searcher? 40}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character almost drown in a pool? 42}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone grab a candlestick for defense? 44}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character scare themself with a stupid old story? 49}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character say, "Slow down, your digestive system is not a garbage disposal."? 54}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is there a secret cannel? 60}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was a girl too cold to shiver? 63}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character find a empty dress in a river? 66}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character say, "Where's the fire"? 75}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book can a character not find their book? 74-75}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character keep a important book from a character? 80}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character not let another character to go to the library with them? 82}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character's quiet and creaky house not feel like theirs yet? 82}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a main character like history? 86}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a charcter sneak into a staff only hall? 88}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character get caught stealing a book? 89}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character put a book in their backpack and plan to take it home? 89}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character say their sandwhich is more liked a stuffed pancake? 90-91}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does someone wander outside late at night? 95}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book were several pages of something left blank? 101}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character turn the page and it was blank? 101}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is someone determined to finish a book that night even if they have to hide under the covers? 99}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a book dissapear? 107}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is Rose Lane a street? 113}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a main character realize they were standing right where somebody else had dissapeared? 127}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character follow a dog to the library? 131 }Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character find a hidden bedroom in the back of a library? 133}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is there a dog named Pixie? 137}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a family not allow a passcode on the kids' tablets? 142}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character neatly put back a Tablet on a stand? 145}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was there a rumor that someone was snatched? 155}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book is there a room that has been untouched for several years?158}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a sign read "CARETAKER'S OFFICE"? 163}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character thump her head on her pillow? 172}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was there a thunderstorm while a character was outside? 174}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a dog paw at part of a tree? 176}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character find someone outside? 177}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did a character have the same name as their great-grandpa and grandpa? 178}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone claim ghosts are parts of the past that haven't stopped happening? 185}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book was there a book that seemed to have written itself? 193}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did someone see something that wasn't supposed to be real? 230}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book did something throw mud at someone? 237}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In wich book did someone figure out that a book they were reading had taken place in her new town? 115}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book does a character have to pack up their possessions? 2}Long Lost by Jacqueline West
In which book do you learn that some pies are fake? 1}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do two people wear matching plane pillows? 1}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character say cream cheese wontons and chop suey are not real chinese food? 9}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does the protagonist say a character pivots like Lebron James? 9}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do two people stay at a white house with a red door? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does the protagonist have a picture of dogs playing poker? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book should a person be sorry for another character, but is feeling sorry for him/her instead? 14}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book did the protagonist drop their phone down a well? 19}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character say "Too much sugar" when they don't want to talk about something? 24}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do people fight so much that a character has to put a blanket over his head? 28 }Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do two people put fake mustaches on with eyeliner until they get caught? 29}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does the protagonist practice shuffling cards? 32}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does the protagonist say "Why do people remember mean things more than nice things"? 33}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character say "The appetizer, main entre, and dessert are part of a story"? 35}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character have heart disease, but another character says "he has the best heart I've ever seen"? 39}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book can a person look out his/her window and see the Hollywood sign? 57}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book did a statue of a bear get stolen?  108}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book did a character's uncle go completely bald at age 12? 128}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book was there a earthquake? 213}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character meet their grandparents at the age of eight for the first time? 1}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book is a restaurant located in Last Chance, Minnesota? 2}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do characters have a red front door? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book is red a symbol of luck? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book did a character refuse to smile in their school picture because of their braces? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
Judy Blume books and MAD magazine line a bookshelf in which book? 12}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character master the riffle card shuffling technique? 32}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character drop their phone down a well? 17-18}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book is there a wooden bear named Bud? 21}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
On Thursdays, hot fudge sundaes are half-priced at Ben Franklin's in which book? 25}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book is a menu compared to a story? 35}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character compare how a family ends up somewhere to how Dorothy's house was picked up and dropped in the Wizard of Oz? 36}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book is there a character in Iowa falls, Iowa? 58}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do characters watch the TV show Carlos!? 99}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do characters play poker? 99}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character talk about the power of suggestion? 104}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do two characters share a banana split? 144}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character not eat fruits or vegetables? 144}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book do characters start a petition? 145}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character exclaim that he is so good at finding things he once found his uncle's dentures in the garbage? 161}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book are friends and family brought together in sadness and joy? 243}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book does a character's last name mean lucky in German? 246}Maizy Chen's Last Chance by Lisa Yee
In which book did someone's computer keyboard get covered in pudding? 1}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a character love pancakes so much that they dream about them? 8}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was the main character jealous of people who get tor ride bikes to their friend's houses? 13}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book is a character described as Miss Trunchbull from Matilda by Roald Dahl? 25}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a main character be prefered to be called by their middle name? 27}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a main character get somebody's journal? 60}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was a main character called a mad scientist? 65}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a main character lose focus in class due to thinking about things seen in a journal? 68}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a character claim to be "RRS"? 72}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a character use the internet to find out the definitions of words such as bio inspiration? 86}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did a main character claim their auntie was the best? 91}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was a prototype triple Z battery used? 105}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does a basketball get made into a basket? 114}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was a character told to stack cans and then proceeded to stack trash cans instead into a ten-foot tall mountain of trash cans? 127}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book did one of the main character's books get stolen by another classmate? 142}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was there a memorial service for a character that a main character looked up to? 166}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does a girl get pudding in her hair? 2}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book is there a project called coding with crickets at the science fair? 2}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist have something yellow fly past their ear? 2}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book do they say it was raining corn? 4}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does someone try to catch corn in their mouth? 4}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book do they compare something with a slomo video of an avalanche on a mountain? 5}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does someone say " This ain't my first food fight"? 6}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does a gym teacher blow a whistle to stop a food fight? 6}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was the protagonist's dream about pancakes? 9 }Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist dream about pancakes and syrup? 9}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
Someone's nickname is Baby Girl in which book? 12}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist claim that she has the best friends in the universe? 13}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does two two friends go trick or treating at an apartment building? 14}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book do kids think a character is mean because he/she is tall? 19}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does an item important to the main character get damaged by another classmate? 199}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
 In which book did the protagonist climb a mountain of pancakes? 9}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist have a lego collection? 15}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book do they compare their teacher to Ms. Trunchbull? 25}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist say, "I'm walking to my doom"? 25}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the teacher call the protagonist the wrong name? 27}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist go by their middle name? 27}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist kick around a piece of cement? 33}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does the protagonist get a block thrown at them?  34}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was the protagonist only allowed to chew sugar-less gum? 42}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does a character have a pile of overdue books on their desk? 10}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book is a character reading the biography of Mae Jemison? 10}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book does a character consider studying adult responses to caffeine? 11}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
A character in which book can't wait to be in 7th grade? 16}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
"The best there ever was. The best there will ever be." This is a phrase a character is obsessed with in which book? 19}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
A teacher was first a chemist in which book? 22}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book is a teacher known for making a kid write a 10 page report after catching him stick gum under a desk? 23}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book is there a sign that says WE MAKE KEYS!!!! 38}Maya and the Robot by Eve L. Ewing
In which book was the setting in Thailand? 1}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is there a soccer team called the Wild Boars? 3}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book was a search for missing people canceled? 4}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is drug smuggling known in that area? 9}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is a cave called the reclining woman? 9}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is the rainy season July to November? 10}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is there a special group called the "frogmen"? 17}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does someone realize that a country has hopes and a big heart? 19}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a local crisis become a national obsession? 19}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is a sport seen as a "niche within a niche"? 20}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did they wait outside of a cave and give people hair trims? 22}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book are meals prepared according to Muslim dietary laws? 23}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do stalactites hang down in inverted pyramids? 25}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does the newspaper, The Guardian, report a story? 27}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did another country contact the US military for help? 31}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do they have to rely on meditation for survival? 33}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do they have an organization named credo? 38 }Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do they focus on the most dangerous sport? 39}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is rainfall non-stop for 3 days, stopping teams from doing something? 48}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do many teams come together for a rescue? 49}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book was KFC able to deliver fried chicken? 54}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book were many kids found safely? 60}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book were twelve boys stuck in a cave for ten days with no food or water? 61}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a governor hold a very important meeting? 63}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book were there many possibilities of rescues? 65}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book would there be very little visibility for many rescuers? 68}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a lieutenant commander die? 71}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a diver know how to create a rope and pulley system under difficult situations? 77}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a team have to find 12 full face masks that would fit teenagers? 81}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book were 12 boys knocked out with an anesthetic? 82}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do people use space blankets to keep them warm? 84}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a diver have to re-inject an anesthetic every 40 minutes? 90}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do smaller boys have to stay back until the right face masks can be delivered? 94}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book was there a problem in a team's pulley system pattern? 96}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is the code word "landslide" used? 99}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book were parents only allowed to see their children behind a glass partition? 101}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a coach thank all the teams for coming to help them? 104}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did the author claim he understood the perspective of the people that it was written about? 115}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book are more details part of someone's story only ever released in 2020? 118}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did the author claim he got information that no other had? 119}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is a person's playing time linked to how well they do in school? 5}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does rain create additional problems for the characters? 28}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does a king's sister send 15,000 raincoats? 29}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book was someone working to protect endangered animals from poachers? 29}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do readers learn that someone's parents and brother had all died by the time he was 10 years old? 32 }Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is a chainsaw used to clear the way for a helicopter? 49}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does a government offer seeds to plant a new crop? 52}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book was an idea forged to ferry food for four months? 65}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does a character with specialized medical training take part in an impossible plan? 67}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
A character was already retired by the age of 37 in which book? 71}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
Characters did not all agree, but all felt heard, appreciated, and seen in which book? 75}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is a map needed in order to give everyone their assignment? 75}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
Fish On is a code for something in which book? 96}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do characters wear sunglasses and surgical masks to disguise themselves? 100}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book are there trained doctors from Austrailia and the United Kingdom? 108}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book do different nations come together to help people? 108}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is there a difference between solo brilliance and collaboration? 109}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book does a character learn that "acting without sufficiently thinking can really impact us in not only the short term, but also the long term?" 104}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book is international collaboration stressed in order to explore space? 108}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
"Writing can open eyes, open hearts, open borders" is stated in which book? 112}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
Understanding what information is treated as important and unimportant is a topic we all need to consider is from which book? 121}Rising Water: the Story of the Thai Cave rescue by Marc Aronson
In which book did a kid build a cannon ? 5 }The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book did they use a code ? 11}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book are there masters who hit their apprentices or sons? 26}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does the protagonist have to clean pigeon poop? 28}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does the protagonist throw rotten eggs at someone? 83}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book did the master save the kids lives? 100}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book did the master die? 103 }The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book was there a killing cult? 108 }The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book did the master own a apothecary shop ? 6}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is there a rumor that someone keeps themselves alive by finding the elixir of youth? 114}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is someone a "Puritan"? 115}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does someone smell of Egyptian incense? 154}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book was there a liquid key? 69}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is the reader warned, "Don't try this at home. Seriously."? Forward}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character say that vomiting is good for you? 8}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book do men get their stomaches slit open? 9}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book do characters hand out beatings like sweets at an egg hunt? 20}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a sign have carved leaves of ivy and a unicorn horn on it? 30}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
Which book's setting is in London? 31}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character say that you should always bring cotton to stuff up your nose? 36}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book are there steps that squeal like a frightened donkey? 38}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is someone's obsession discovering new books? 38}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is a character's plan to race out the front door and scream like a girl? 49}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book was a character surprised a man didn't warn them that the moon was made of cheese? 86}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character's out of place clothing look like someone tried to dress up a panther? 87}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character carry a pearl-handled pistol? 87}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character dodge boar's blood? 91}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book do characters try to drop kernels of corn into the hair of people passing below them? 95}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book book does a character say that bad news travels on wings? 105}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character think they got drool on someone's shirt? 63}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book does a character think God should write clear warnings in the sky like "Stop Stealing Sticky Buns?" 63}The Blackthorn Key by Kevin Sands
In which book is the front cover motto "the only way out is up"? front cover}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is the main character a good poem writer? 7}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does the main character's therapist describe her dad's relationship with her as a "wall"? 15}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does the main character's dad not allow her to go to school? 26}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is there a massive flood that wipes out the main character's dad? 33}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is there a mysterious entitiy known only as the "Beast"? 81}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does the main character get stung by a bark scorpion? 163}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is the main character forced to jump over a crevice? 263}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
Which book is the entire book basically a poem? (whole book)}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does the main character eat from a pink fruit before taking necessary precautions to ensure safety? 220}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character feel like the last year has felt like walking on a tightrope? 10}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is "Redundancy is essential, especially when risking your life" an important rule to follow? 13}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book have characters built walls around themselves? 15}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is a character's fear dying? 17}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is a character given a rock in the shape of a heart? 21}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character hum the tune "Across the Universe"? 22}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character's hoodie say Get Out There? 2}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book is a character's favorite flavor of electrolyte powder watermelon? 2}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character carry a flare gun in their backpack? 2}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character's dad like wolf spiders? 5}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book did a character jump in a lake to try to get a small bluegill back in order to keep it as a pet? 5}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character feel closer to their mom when writing? 7}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
Writing makes a character feel closer to their mom in which book? 7}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character use a tank top to filter water? 117}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character define Apophenia? 121}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character look for patterns? 123-124}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character cut their hair with a rock? 152-153}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book did a character want to keep a bluegill fish for a pet and name it Danny? 169}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character hear the songs "Golden Slumber" and "Let It Be" in their head? 183-184}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book did a mother love The Beatles? 185}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character hate the song "Yesterday"? 185}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book did kneading a balloon filled with flour help the main character? 204}The Canyon's Edge by Dusti Bowling
In which book does a character say "Tricks are for kids?" 6 }The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is a dad compared to an old Chevette? 7}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is a character compared to a new, red Corvette? 7}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is a dad a fan of jazz music? 10}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a dad like the music of Horace Silver? 10}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book did a character's nickname come from a jazz album? 11}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is someone's nickname Filthy McNasty? 11}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does the main character have a twin brother? 15}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is the main character's mom the school's assistant principal? 21}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is someone called "da man"?  23}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does the dad say, "I want to floss"? 23}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book do characters do the Cha-Cha Slide? 42}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a character love his hair like his dad loves Krispy Kreme? 44}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a mother ban her family from eating at Pollard's Chicken and BBQ? 49}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a brother give a sibling a Noogie at the Golden Dragon restaurant? 49}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a mother remove salt from the dinner table? 51}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a character have patellar tendonitis? 56}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is someone called Mrs. Sweet Tea? 75}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is someone's uncle a bad cook? 81}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book do people practice CPR? 86-87}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
A character is referred to as Miss Sweet Tea in which book? 92}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
A character gets an A+ on their vocabulary test and is feeling good about life in which book? 107}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a minor character's mom work for NASA? 107}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
A character has to meditate in which book? 115}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a character slip and fall in mud? 126}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is someone the junior high M. V. P.? 150}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
A mother packs a spinach and tofu salad for her child's lunch in which book? 154}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does someone spend their Christmas in the hospital? 188}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book does a character shave his head once a month? 29}The Crossover by Kwame Alexander
In which book is the main character named Sai? 10}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character's boss start receiving empty boxes and an important looking letter? 13}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the queen send out ships to explore the sea? 18}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is there an ancient myth about a place called the Sunderlands? 20}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character run away from a boy trying to rob her? 28}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character know how to forge signatures really well? 35}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is there a man who is constantly coming up with schemes to make money? 35}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character discover she can go on the boats with her boss? 53}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character hide a stowaway on board the boat? 142}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character forge the captain's signature and become the mapmaker of the ship? 251}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the main character wait in line at the Three Onions Cafe? 1}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character believe you can learn more about people if they didn't think you were worth talking to? 2}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character want to lick the air? 2}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character compare a shimmering sky to a sardine's belly? 6}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does the protagonist live in the city of Au Lang? 8}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is it a myth that dragons taught people how to thrive on water? 20}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character say, "Kids today are as spoiled as old pumpkins?" 30}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is there a boy with a scar on his face? 85}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character say, "It stinks like the bloody bowels of the devil down here!" 154}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character say they want to breathe air that doesn't smell like wet farts? 158}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book do scrubby islands bob on top of the water like enormous moss covered turtles? 166}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is there a character named Bo? 176}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book are there so many stars out that a character feels like they could drag their hand through the sky and catch them? 178}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book is a character's father killed in a war? 178}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character spit on his hands before shaking hands with another character? 188}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character make a deal in exchange for a lantern and ginger biscuits? 188}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character have a deep demple in their left cheek? 274}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book does a character tell another character they smell like a goat's backside? 328}The Last Mapmaker by Christina Soontornvat (soon-torn-vaat) vaat rhymes with spot
In which book did the mother have to go back to her home country?  3}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was the dad a mechanic? 8}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does the girl's dad have to go fix a car out in the country? 14}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is there an old man with a lemon-yellow jacket and a voice like gravel? 15-16}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character wear jeans and a gray shirt? pg. 16}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did someone bring donuts? pg.18}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a man win the lottery? 22}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was there a donut shop? 41}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is there a boy who walks a large dog on traintracks? 65}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was a bear named Mr. Pickles? 66}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a mom get fired for asking why men got paid more? 94}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a big animal make a pond? 100}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character speak to a dog in Spanish? 119}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was there poop all over a yard? 139 }The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character drink two gallons of apple juice? 157}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does the main character puke in a gutter? 159}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was there a big pile of poop? 165-166}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was there a big porcupine looking thing? 182}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In the which is there an animal named Pink Floyd? 191}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a teacher make binders for every year she teaches? 201}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did the mother come home? 238}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character have a lucky shirt that is red with white stripes and blue stitching? 1}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character miss the bread, cheese, and tomatoes they grew up with? 3}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character say everybody wants to be the boss of their own life? 3}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character only pack three outfits, a week's worth of underwear, and four pairs of socks? 4}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character say talking about rain felt safe? 8}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character eat a lot of scrambled eggs and toast for dinner? 8}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is a character's address 2599 Cleary Road, Apartment 207A? 9}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character realize you don't see your nose even though it is in your field of vision because your brain views it as useless information? 9}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character pack some hard cheese, sunflower seeds, stale pretzels, and a half-filled box of Junior Mints for a car ride? 11}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did someone not correctly shut a bag of pretzels causing them to go stale? 11}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character think a wall is beautiful? 12}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character pick a large cinnamon twist donut over a jelly-filled cruller and a chocolate-glazed thug? 18}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character live on a farm but doesn't farm? 19}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book do co-workers decide to play the lottery? 21}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In what book did the group of people always use the number 24? pg. 22}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character think a co-worker's cat died because they called them crying? 22}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a grown-up tell a child that they are are good listener? 28}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does the protagonist like books and animals? 28}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character get invited inside for a cup of tea, and some cheese and olives? 36}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book do two characters share a look when someone brought up business cards? 37}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book do characters leave business cards in mailboxes? 37}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character's truck tell them to brake or stay in their own lane, even when they're doing fine? 38}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is there a donut shop called the Hole in One? 40}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is there a bakery run by two sisters named Margo and Mayo? 40}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a purple and green school bus pull into a parking lot? 42}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book were there pink and purple poodles? 42}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book are is an office's walls painted the school colors of purple and white? 54}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which are there carved wooden animals sitting on a school staff member's desk? 54}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is a character instructed not to wrestle or roughhouse with Mr. Pickles? 78}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is there a metaphor of comparing something to heaven on earth? 91}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character mistakenly receive a check made payable to Miguel Mendoza? 92}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character buy a golf cart? 103-104}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a character not do well on a test because they read the wrong chapter? 109}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was it too late to pull the plug on a plan? 128}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character wear a camouflaged wardrobe? 129}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character eat a tuna fish sandwich every day for lunch? 131}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character say you should ring the doorbell with your elbow? 133}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book did a golf cart move slowly? 134}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character release a fruit down a hill? 136}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book do readers learn a family of porcupines is called a prickle? 182}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was a weasel sleeping on the front seat of a pickup truck? 182}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book does a character reference a lyric from Paul Simon because it was a minor character's favorite song? 183}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book is a bird named Pink Floyd? 191}The Elephant in the Room by Holly Goldberg Sloan
In which book was a character named after Abigail Pierce? 1}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the protaganists mother perish from a fever? 1}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the protaganist think of a character as a rabid skunk? 2}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book was a protagonist told that his father died from a felled tree? 2}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book are two boys compared to Boils and Pestilence? 2}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone's brother take a beating for him? pg 4}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
There are three wooden cases of mason jars in which book? 13}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is somebody sold? 14}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is somebody scared of being alone more than being scared of spiders? 14}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character think being on their own is scarier than spiders? 14}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does somebody dig out of a root cellar? 18}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character not like the dark? 18}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the protagonist think another character smells worse than a sick hog's fart? 25}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character bite a horse? 29}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone have a thick bladed knife that they grab from a wide leather belt? pg 32}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there a house that is made of stone and brick? pg 36}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character drink turkey broth? 39}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone have such a booming voice it shakes the china? pg 44}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there an underground railroad? pg 52}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the protagonist think another character smells worse than a dead cat and rotten eggs? 66}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a child dream his parents are still alive? pg 72}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book are there two people who ride a train for one and a half hours? pg 81}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone flick their gloves? pg 87}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there a fat black snake? pg 89}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
Ruffians are not allowed to attend society weddings in which book? 100}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a man want a boy to bite off the head of a bird? 107}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book are a woman's arms fully tattooed? 111}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does The Fleabottom Caravan of Miracles travel? 111}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character think "a little dirt makes a person healthy?" 113}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone make a banjo ring? 128}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the song "Rally 'Round the Flag, Boys," play? 128}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book would ancients have called the creature in the cage a chimera? 130}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is a character instructed to chew on an old leather book to control hunger pains? 145}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there a hot air balloon? 146}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is the main character from Pine Swamp, Maine? 162}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is a character taken to the bull pit? 166}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there a newspaper called "Valley Spirit"? 167}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character meet a man by the name of Jonathan Griswold, a correspondent for the "Valley Spirit"? 167}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone smell like rotten eggs? 25}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does someone's horse get stolen? 28}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does somebody's basement sound like a deep river? 54}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book are there 20 people in a basement? 55}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book do people think white and dark should not mix? 56}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is someone pleading for an answer? 58}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book do two people get knocked out by a bar? 67-68}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does somebody say the sun comes in like warm honey? 72}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a man leave his hat on in a gentleman's house? 78}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character think that the protagonist is a pig? 105}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book was someone shipwrecked on a Canibal Island? 111}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book was someone raised by Indians? 112}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character say "that somebody melted into a blue wool forest? 123}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does the protagonist say he's excited for a show that he's in? 125}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book do a group of people raise their hands to grasp invisible bottles? 127}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book do Indians find a creature called a chimera? 130}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character glue a curly little pig tale on the protagonist's back? 130}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book do two brothers throw a rug over a crate? 132 }The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is there a cook named Tally? 136}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character think like a pig? 136}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book does a character fall dead and is considered a remnant? 141}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book are there pine coffins? 142}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is someone called a "Quaker" 65\}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
A character says thats quite a story in which book?109}The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg by Rodman Philbrick
In which book is a character learning Tamil? 3}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is the protagonist's favorite dessert cheesecake? 5}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
"Are you brave" is a test question the main character receives in which book? 10}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character break a pencil in half in order for two people to take a test? 16}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a girl cheat on a important test and then offer another person the answers? 17}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is a child completely bald? 32}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a child say it is lucky they had a pear or they might have starved? 32}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do a group of children go in search of Room 7-B? 42}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
A character only knows how to play "Chopsticks" on the piano in which book? 61}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
Grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup were served for supper in which book? 67}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In what book does a character bring 37 pencils to a test in her rain coat? 73}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
Ledroptha Curtain was said to have invented tidal turbines in which book? 132}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book are signatures forged? 137}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
A character composed a poem about a bunch of bossy gargoyles who liked to eat cat food and pick their ears in which book? 138}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character offer another character a biscuit? 139}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book were a character's parents Dutch scientists? 140}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book were a characters parents killed in a labratory accident when the character was only a baby? 140}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do characters thumb-wrestle to pass the time? 141}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
Stonetown Harbor is a busy port in which book? 147}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book are character's wearing shock watches? 153}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
A character hates mildew in which book? 158}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do buildings give the impression of a fortress instead of a school? 159}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character love exploring? 160}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do students memorize information about the free market? 170}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character say "It always sounds as if there are more rules than there really are?" 172}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do characters argue if the saying is "a stitch in time saves time" or "a stitch in time saves nine"? 188}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
The plaza is a character's favorite spot to sit in which book? 198}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
After a poor night's rest, in which book do a character's eyelids feel as heavy as anvils? 208}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character take their shoes off in the middle of class? 210-211}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character use hair remover to disguise themself? 211}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character tie another character's shoestrings to a desk? 211}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is government compared to poisoned apples? 214}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book do characters have to fight the urge to throw silverware? 221}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book to characters learn to cheat? 226-227}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book was a character born in Holland? 239}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character have locked bookshelves? 239}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character introduce himself as Harry Harrison? 247}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book did a school inspector used to give kids gingersnap cookies if kids would stop to chat with him? 251}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character notice the many dog-earred pages of another character's book? 260}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In what book do the main characters find out about people being "brain sweeped"? 268}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character hide inside a suitcase? 293}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character believe something important lies behind the highest window? 317}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character believe control is key? 317}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is a character compelled to think "brush your teeth and kill the germs" and "the missing aren't missing; they're only departed"? 326}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character excel in hurrying? 337}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is there a secret code? 342}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
A character notes that a smile vanishes quickly when fake in which book? 420}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character have a lasso? 446}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book are children compared to gnats? 450}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is a character 2 years and 11 months old? 478}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does the teacher warn two students to watchout for another student? 192}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character write a mental letter to their teacher? 206 }The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a character get two sisters? 483}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book does a item require strict mental focus? 387}The Mysterious Benedict Society by Trenton Lee Stewart
In which book is there a crooked house? 1}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book did a library burn down? 6}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book did one of the main characters befriend a group of crows? 20}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character like to use the word "ergo" whenever possible? 26}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is a character's eyes two starkly different colors? 26}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does one of the main characters argue with a butcher? 40}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character say that dragons are like cats? 49}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character give a mayor a pie? 64}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a dragon hunt for an antelope? 78}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does someone call a harvest from the garden a feast? 91}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book are there ten eggs for fourteen people? 91}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does someone speak crow? 190}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character enjoy baking, gardening, and counting the stars? 1}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character believe it is important to always treat everyone with compassion and respect? 3}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is there a town known for its trees? 5}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is there a character with dark curls, mismatched eyes, and enjoys philosophy? 22}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book are there identical twins who look nothing like each other? 24}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book are there signs that state ORDER ABOVE ALL? 37}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character state that an idea cannot be stolen because ideas aren't owned? 38}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book will a butcher not sell a character meat? 45-46}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character build a periscope? 53-54}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is it believed that the power of a book can surpass even that of a dragon? 67}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is it said that curiousity is a powerful sense of being? 79}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is it said that empathy can be transformed into a weapon? 82}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
A character sells soap and special paint at the town market in which book? 115}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a townsperson where a silver star? 178}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book had a character never been hugged before? 321}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character say that we have a responsibility to be grateful? 286}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book did characters participate in a book swap? 327}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book did a character not want to follow a rule?152}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
A character says "I question your face" in which book? 349}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book does a character ponder what it means to be a neighbor? 351}The Ogress and the Orphans by Kelly Barnhill
In which book is there wind going through "barbed wire sky"? 1}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does the the community have bland looks of sleeping fish on their face? 1}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book do two people feel a joint of energy? 3}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a jeep like vehicle leave a sharp odor behind? 5}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does somebody have hair that looks like he has been struck by lightning? 20}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a man have a flowing multi-color robe? 20}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does the protagonist get in trouble for sketching a house? 65}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book is there a octogator? 76}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book did someone throw a script at someone else? 82}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does an oil concoction include chicken fat and rainwater? 104}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a character hold back a student? 146}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book are there paper clips that can pin down a teacher? 152}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book did a teacher shoot pens from his/her eyes? 156}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a character cock his head at the protagonist? 244}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a character plan to eliminate the protagonist's sibling? 252}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does the protagonist force his sibling to hold a gaze or look away? 267}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does the protagonist's sibling call him filthy and useless? 267}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book is a character commonly known as the Death Farmer? 270}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a character press there finger into the protagonists back? 1}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book can someone "call horse" that's an invisible steed?  96}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does someone use a spell to make them fall asleep making them face plant in their soup? 97}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does someone rip off a costume? 112}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does someone wish their twin brother could join him in Artime`? 132}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does someone say "Put a sock in it"? 135}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does someone put livestock into three catgories? 138}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book does a Totem pole yawn? 254}The Unwanteds by Lisa McMann
In which book is there a witch who is trying to get into fairy school? 6}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a kid struggling with the fact that his best friend is dead? 14}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a kid who gets a mysterious letter that is hanging on a tree? 16}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a mysterious lady visit a kid in his bedroom? 21}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a girl get rejected from fairy school? 37}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a boat of ice that a kid takes to the trials? 63}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a massive castle that the kids go to for the trials? 64}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a bunch of kids who get letters to compete in trials to become a knight of the round table? 9 and 72}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there someone named 'Bert'? 117}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is someone a registered witch? 141}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone send a spoken letter? 198}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone read about Urokshi? 206}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone hear and taste magic? 241}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone become a 'full fledged' witch? 277}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone go to a nightly swordmanship lesson? 353}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone say your going to eat the door? 260}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does someone say he can punch a wall? 261}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does some someone ask if they can see a treasure map? 264}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In what book does someone grab a person's hand and is prepared to run away? 290}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In what book does someone ask if any of the flowers are from some place lost? 267}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In what book does some one say they bent down and listened to a flower's song? 267}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In what book does someone stop and remember when she saw a witch getting tortured by a soldier at the border? 302}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book a body lay lifeless? 309}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
in which book did a charecter learn to count in german at a funeral? 40}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is a character told she is excruciatingly average? 4}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
A character checked the clock approximately 836 times one day in which book? 5}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character attend a school with over a thousand rooms? 5}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book was a character hoping to be invited to a wedding? 9}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character have overdue library books on their desk? 3}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character have a toad collection? 6}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is a school bordered by the Glittering Lakes? 7}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character's parents only find their son's footprints? 13}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book are portapoofs strictly prohibited? 18}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book do parents ask their child to join them for apple pie? 20}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does the brightness of lightning flashes keep the protagonist from falling asleep? 114}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character accidentally drag the cuff of their shirt sleeve through maple syrup? 104}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there someone named Lucy LuBelle who insisted people address her pet ferret as Your Majesty? 106}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character refer to themselves as "as ruffled as a peacock squawking in a tornado"? 118}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book could a person get their Ts and Ths mixed up forever if proper precaution wasn't used? 35}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book was someone taught to count backwards in German? 40}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character offer another character a cookie? 68}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character think a girl's voice is like velvet and honey? 81}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a creature that rots hearts? 48}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book was there a king? 116}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character offer the protagonist a muffin? 140}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a protagonist read while walking from place to place? 164}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book does a character murmur in their sleep about Christmas pudding every year from July 23-December 24? 347}The Witch, the Sword, and the Cursed Knights by Alexandria Rogers
In which book is there a horse named Elwood? 2}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character think about how an ant must feel among elephants? 6}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did they yell fire? 11}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does someone try to keep their panic inside? 13}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a sleek looking four door hybrid? 13}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a horse named Dodger? 14}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character have a scar on their forehead that are three parrallel lines? 18}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the protagonist's favorite pop song come on the radio in the car while speeding through the woods? 19}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the protagonist imagine someone burning alive in a car? 22}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does the protagonist yell, "Mom just texted me!" 23}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a car come flying out of a driveway and smash into the protagonists car? 24}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did tourists yell ohh and ahh? 26}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character say another person might look like a big hot dog with mustard and relish to an animal? 28}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
The old adage, "If it's brown, lie down. If it's black, fight back. If it's white, say good night!" appears in which book? 29}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character meet his best friend on the first day of kindergarten when they shared crayons with each other? 31}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character want to see the new Marvel movie? 37}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character attend Duke of Malborough School? 38}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there an old, wrecked cargo plane called Miss Piggy? 39}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
A character has a weather journal in which book? 46}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a dog named Churro? 53}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character create an imaginary kingdom? 59}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character slip under another character's armpit? 64-65}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did an old woman once boil bear pee in order to drink it? 83}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is a character a competitive swimmer? 84}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a family with the members Derek, Anne, Marcus, and Javari? 125}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In what book can the main character not stop crying? 126}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is a horse found in a pool? 139}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a woman looking for a man? 151}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does someone tell a story about Nanuq? 157}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
A character's kindergarten classmate ate glue and chewed on erasers in which book? 157}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book would a character's kindergarten classmate sneak up behind people and whack people on the head? 157}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the main character fall in a hole?}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a main character have a hard time saving money? 159}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did trapped air burst into a fireball? 164}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do two characters have an insult contest? 167}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character turn away to hide the fact he was crying? 170}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was there a fiberglass flamingo? 178}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is a manatee in a rooftop swimming pool? 184}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a character ready to run? 195}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did somene hit the ground with a thump? 199}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did someone barely open their eyes? 199}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book could a charater not breathe? 200}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character cough and shake? 200}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a character's skin angry and pink? 201}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character draw out a breath? 201}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character wonder if she'll ever get home? 202}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character pat a horse's tummy? 202}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character end up in a ravine? 202}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character exclaim, "Holy crap."? 206}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character sling a shotgun strap over his shoulder? 206}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does someone point out red foxes, orcas, and grizzly bears? 207}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In what book was there a hand painted sign called Jimmy's Place? 210}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In what book was there a hand written sign that said Firewood: Keep Full? 211}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In what book did the main character tell the other character to kick the chair over? 212}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In what book did the protagonist shoot off two cracker shells? 215}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the spring floods wash away the train tracks in town? 219}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did someone see on a T.V. show that a guy peed into a snake skin then drank it? 220}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do two characters lay on a cabin roof? 221}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character listen to the sound of the dripping water? 224}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a family have a GO BAG? 257}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do characters play rock, paper, scissors? 280}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
A character expects to be in a human version of Whack-a-Mole in which book? 281}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do characters call an animal a turd burglar? 284}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a food bank once an automechanics shop? 300}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
A character used to have two lawn chairs on the roof of a building in which book? 321}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
Making two new friends in nine months is a record for a character in which book? 342}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character hold a sign that says "I Miss Snow Days"? 343}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do characters have a YouTube channel? 347}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a character realize that "nobody has to do everything, but everybody has to do something"? 355}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a tour to see polar bears in a tundra buggy? 26}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a boy give him and his friend the nickname "mac and cheese"? 36}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a mom always look put together, no matter what she was wearing? 48}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a hurricane have the wind speed of 165 miles per hour? 53}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the protagonist's neighbor not wake up? 64}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the protagonist have to go through a small window to avoid drowning? 67}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did two girls get seperated from their dads by a large pine tree? 73}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was the protagonist's call with her mom disconnected while trying to figure out directions? 78}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a hailstorm mistaken for a rockslide in the woods? 82}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a horse found in a rich person's pool? 93}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do two kids and a snowmobile get caught on thin ice? 103}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do two boys call themselves "mac n cheese"? 106}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a big polar bear get spotted on thin ice when it should be hunting seals instead of people? 109}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a drowned woman inside of a car? 119}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does the protagonist swim on her back and put a dog on her chest? 122}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does the protagonist want to go back for people who are drowning but a mother refuses to let her? 124}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a sailboat drifting through a hurricane with other people aboard? 132}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did many people get aboard a sailboat drifting through a natural disaster? 133}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a girl and a small dog named Churro get lost and end up alone again? 179}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the protagonist get scared by a 12 foot long Burmese python? 181}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book was a manatee found in a rooftop pool? 183}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the main character get a nasty welt on her arm? 201}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is a boy moving away from Churchill? 207}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a character knock a chair over with his foot in order to stop something following him and his friend? 212}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did a polar bear cover his own nose and eyes to make himself appear hidden in the snow? 217}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book were cracker shells used to scare off a polar bear? 216}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book were northern lights seen all the time? 221}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there a orange haired girl standing on a fire escape, waving people back into hiding? 227}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which did the protagonist see the calm eye of a hurricane? 227}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book does a woman have a new oceanfront apartment? 232}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did someone compare a burning house to a glowing skull? 23}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book do characters keep their cars and houses unlocked? 28}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is the scientific name of an animal Urusus maritmus? 29}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book did the mother tell the dautgher "you are just making youself upset"? 54}Two Degrees by Alan Gratz
In which book is there an enigma machine? 9}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book is someone paid with Reichsmarks for giving secrets? 11}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does the antagonist fire a single shot in the ceiling at a beer hall? 24}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book was a country suffering from poverty and unemployment? 25}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does Adolf Hitler take over Germany as Chancellor? 37}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does Germany invade Poland? 63}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does a few men earn the nickname "the four wicked of Bletchley Park"91}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book was a U-boat flooded? 134}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book were they able to chat without being overheard? 136}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book was "the view of the lake and the snow-covered Alps" impressive? 136}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book would someone rather die than flee to France? 137}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book was the road to Paris open? 140}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does France evacuate? 141}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does Hitler conquer France?152}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book do people give a crib a name called "kissed"? 194}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book do two women hug and kiss two men like they have been good friends, but they don't even know them? 205-206}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book did a character used to shower money and luxury on people at a hotel? 214}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book is someone in the original "Wicked Uncles"? 231}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does YOPY mean "when"? 30}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book did someone get a letter in the mail that said "the harvest is good"? 200}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book was there a radio brodcast that said, "Michel shaved off his moustache"? 225}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does someone organize a boarding party? 162}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book do codebooks get stolen from a room? 160}Unbreakable: The Spies Who Cracked The Nazi's Secret Code by Rebecca E.F. Barone
In which book does a character only say Hooyo? 5}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book are two character's pants and shoes stolen? 6}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book is a character's nickname "my heart"? 9}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character practices numbers and math skills to keep from forgetting them? 17}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book did a character have seizures when they were little? 18}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book do characters play "house"? 18}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book do kids pick on the protagonist for being quiet? 20}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character think Americans are all rich? 23}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character throw a grain of sand and they say it is like them? 32}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character think that they are going to be in a class with babies? 34}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character not know when their birthday is? 42}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does the protagonist get scared of a bell? 45}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does someone say "hey danty where's your dress? 56 }When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
Kids play night hide-n-seek in which book? 72}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
A character wants to go to Canada in which book? 83-84}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character want to become a lawyer to help girls understand their rights? 86}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book did a character make a swing out of plastic bags? 87-88}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book did the main character find out that their home village was destroyed? 92}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
Which book is based on real events?}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book do a lot of people go by nicknames because they have similar names? 20}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book do you have to pass a test to get into middle and high school? 96}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does a character say being a teacher is not a real job? 131}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does the protagonist and their brother get resettled to America? 250}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book does someone get a bottle of sand as a gift? 251}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book is there a boy that the only word they have ever said is hoyo? 248}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
In which book is there a boy that the only word they have ever said is hoyo? 248}When Stars Are Scattered by Victoria Jamieson & Omar Mohamed
